feat(ec2): add volume initialization rate to ebs props for launchtemplate (#36451)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-ec2/README.md

});
```

> To specify the EBS Provisioned Rate for Volume Initialization value for ebs volumes, use the `volumeInitializationRate` property on ebs Volumes:

Reviewer: Can we tighten this wording to say this is for snapshot-backed EBS volumes, not EBS volumes generally based on the [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/TemplateReference/aws-properties-ec2-launchtemplate-ebs.html#cfn-ec2-launchtemplate-ebs-volumeinitializationrate)

```suggestion
To specify the EBS Provisioned Rate for Volume Initialization for a snapshot-backed EBS volume in a launch template, use the `volumeInitializationRate` property. The snapshot can be specified explicitly with `BlockDeviceVolume.ebsFromSnapshot(...)` or inherited from the AMI block device mapping when overriding an existing AMI device such as the root volume.
```

 Also, the example below defines a bare volume with only volumeSize and no snapshot or AMI - this is the empty-volume case for which the [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ebs/latest/userguide/initalize-volume.html) states, "empty volumes do not require initialization". Can we update the example accordingly to show correct usage?

});
```

To specify the EBS Provisioned Rate for Volume Initialization for a snapshot-backed EBS volume in a launch template, use the `volumeInitializationRate` property. The snapshot can be specified explicitly with `BlockDeviceVolume.ebsFromSnapshot(...)` or inherited from the AMI block device mapping when overriding an existing AMI device such as the root volume.

```ts
const launchTemplate = new ec2.LaunchTemplate(this, 'LaunchTemplate', {
  blockDevices: [
    {
      deviceName: 'deviceName',

>       volume: {

Reviewer: This example assigns `volume` an object literal, but `BlockDevice.volume` is typed as `BlockDeviceVolume` — a class with a protected constructor whose instances can only be produced via the static factories (BlockDeviceVolume.ebs(...), .ebsFromSnapshot(...)). An object literal is not assignable to a class with a protected constructor, so this compiled code block will fail to build. 
Use the `ebsFromSnapshot` factory so the snapshot is present and the example compiles:
```ts
const launchTemplate = new ec2.LaunchTemplate(this, 'LaunchTemplate', {
  blockDevices: [
    {
      deviceName: 'deviceName',
      volume: ec2.BlockDeviceVolume.ebsFromSnapshot('snap-1234567890abcdef0', {
        volumeSize: 150,
        volumeInitializationRate: 200,
      }),
    },
  ],
});
